---
title: "Day 2: Nand2Tetris"
date: 2018-01-10T18:07:02-05:00
draft: false
---

Today I started with **Nand2Tetris**, it is this amazing course from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem where they teach you from scratch how to buld an actual computer.
We begin by learning how to build basic *logical gates* or *computer chips* with a Hardware Design Language, and from there, you begin your travel to higher and higher abstractions. 
The actual path is:

1. Boolean Logic
2. Boolean Arithmetic
3. Sequential Logic
4. Machine Language
5. Computer Architecture
6. Assembler
7. Virtual Machine: Stack Arithmetic
8. Virtual Machine: Program Control
9. High Level Language
10. Compiler: Syntax Analysis
11. Compiler: Code Generation
12. Operating System
13. Postscript

So basically you begin building basic CPU chips using only NAND gates and end up with a fully fledged computer capable of runing not only the OS that you built, but also any software you right and compile for it. In this case, Tetris.
I think I'll try to rush it so I don't spend all of my time doing just this. Don't want to spend all of my time working on my own and not taking the oportunity to leanr with some other fellow RCers.

### Snippets

* Played Antihero today, great game, my kind of game, turn based startegy, kind of like a board game. I missed my stop on the way here because of it...
* A fellow RCer from asked me if we could discuss Progressive Web Apps to see if his idea was viable or it still wasn't the right time for PWA's. In the end I think that will be the case.
* I finished all of the nand2Tetris w1 videos.
* Found time to do my laundry, everythong was stinking because of the Amazon Rainforest Rain.

