---
title: "Day 5: Algorithms"
date: 2018-01-12T09:56:01-05:00
draft: false
---


Today I arrived and met Alessandro, he is from the mini batch, so this is his last day. From him I learned about some amazing initiatives being developed like [TablaViva](http://tablaviva.org/). He is working in creating a reactive environment that will react to defined facts. I find itr fascinating because I think this could really end up being a great tool to teach kids about logic and how computers work. Initiatives like [Cubetto](https://www.primotoys.com/) are nice, but their goal is to be used inside of your house. With tablaviva you could have a great Computer's Lab in a school. 

I also decided to give a look at Masonite, a python experiment to create a Laravel like framework. It seems interesting, at least as an experiment to find ways to apply the same patterns to a friendlier language. I started talking with the mantainer, opened a few suggestion issues and did a small PR. I'm still going through it trying to see how it works, maybe I can collaborate with it.

After that I got together with Bryan to try to solve together the Algo course problem set. It was greate pairing with him, I liked the way he extrapolated the problems so we could visualize them IRL. We knew we didin't end up with all the good answers, but couldn't find what was wrong with them. 

Afterwards we had the Studygroup to see how everyone else tackled the same problems. It was a great experience, first of all, no one had solved the problems, some were sure about what the result ought to be, but haden't found the proof for it. This was important to me, because as a non programmer, I know I have a deficit when it comes to math (discrete mathematics was a requirement for this course), trying to solve the problem all together was a really enrichening experience. I was there for the first 2 hours, until we got the solution to the problem and reached "half" of the mathematical proof for the problem. After that I decided to go out and vent a little before the mini batch presentations.

I will decide if I continue with the algo course as seriuosly or not, I also want to tackle more practical problems and pair program with other people.

The presentations were amazing as always, some examples:

* Someone had spent the whole week exploring the Linux Kernel and even managed to find small PR's to make
* An introduction to WebGL
* Alessandro's presentation, they even came up with a database system for their reactive canvas, it worked pretty fast


### Snippets

* Purple matress: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4BvwpjaGZCQ
* Compre la peor cerveza del mundo para ir a cenar donde Augusto