---
title: "Day 8: Here comes React!"
date: 2018-01-16T09:56:01-05:00
draft: false
---

Yesterday I played Overwatch until 1 am, I will blame Renato, everything it's always his fault. I thought this woudl not be a productive day, but I have to say, Esen is right when he says he codes better when he is a little bit tired, this way the brain focuses only at the task at hand and doesn't wander around so much.
I arrived and met James, toyed a bit with my *phishing* site and couldn't find a single famous site that hadn't prevented the attack yet.
ThenI had the intention to do one more week of nand2tetris, but reading old Zulip messages I came accross Bryan's proposal to work on a boardgame web server written in **Go**. This enticed and scared me, so I decided to go and talk to him. He is using this as an oportunity to learn ReactJS and Go, so I decided to get in. I thought I hated ReactJS, but going through a really good book, I now see it is mostly the JS ecosystem I hate and React is great.

I have managed to finish the first 2 chapters of the **Pro React** book and had a lot of fun in the way.

After lunch **Jarred** walked me through his **ALU** implementation, I think i got it, but I find myself still struggling to get it to work the way it is supposed to. Will have to get back to him again.

I also joined a meditation group today, we will be doing 10 minute meditation sessions everyday at 1630.

Alicja started a group to deliver weekly talk on whatever, and the subjects the people are filing in for are great. I love this place and it's nonsensicalness. Here is the current list:

* Topic
* Unthinkable thoughts - language learning and lexical gaps
* The History of Rome in 5 Minutes
* How to Memorize Things
* Kitchen System for happier meal-making
* blood batteries
* pale fire and the problem of perception
* Color Theory
* Tiny dinosaurs of NYC
* Wilderness, Water, and Urban Expansionism
* Corsetry, Modern and Historical
* Zoning Laws, Seggregation, and the Housing Crisis
* Don’t Stop Believing: Towards a Theory of American Karaoke
* Why automate brush-pen calligraphy when it's a form of dance?

### Snippets

* Cooking for myself really makes me eat less, there is no more food I can grab even though I'm starving
* I am thinking about starting a LotR RPG group here on sundays
* Went to forbidden planet, end up buying Munchkin Rick & Morty and a Pratchet book